Mainnet-017: New pre-signed pause txs (#313)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/eth/017-presigned-pause/README.md

**After:** `0x000000000000000000000000c6901F65369FC59fC1B4D6D6bE7A2318Ff38dB5B` <br/>
**Meaning:** The sentinel module (`address(0x01)`) is now pointing to the `DeputyGuardianModule` at [`0xc6901F65369FC59fC1B4D6D6bE7A2318Ff38dB5B`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc6901F65369FC59fC1B4D6D6bE7A2318Ff38dB5B).
  This is `modules[0x1]`, so the key can be
    derived from `cast index address 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000001 1`.

### `0x9BA6e03D8B90dE867373Db8cF1A58d2F7F006b3A` (Foundation Operations Safe)

The Safe will have the following overrides to set your address as the sole owner of the signing safe, to allow simulating the tx in Tenderly.

- **Key:** 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004 <br/>
  **Value:** 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 <br/>
  **Meaning:** The threshold is set to 1. The key can be validated by the location of the `threshold` variable in the [Safe's Storage Layout](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-smart-account/blob/v1.3.0/contracts/examples/libraries/GnosisSafeStorage.sol#L14).

- **Key:** 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000005 <br/>

>   **Value:** 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000005F <br/>

Reviewer: I think this should be match the nonce after 019, so `0x60` (`96`). @Ethnical can confirm.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I have remove this one for the FoS. 
Since I have performed the simulation and saw was working as expected.

>   **Meaning:** This is the nonce override. You will not see it when signing the first nonce (as it matches to the current nonce). In subsequent simulations the value will be in the range from 0x5d to 0x60. This is set to 95 (0x5F) because that's what task 019 will use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning:** This is the nonce override. You will not see it when signing the first nonce (as it matches to the current nonce). In subsequent simulations the value will be in the range from 0x61 to 0x64. This is set to 95 (0x5F) because that's what task 019 will use.
```
